Share Tidy Formatted Tables
To support reuse and reproducibility, share your data in Tidy Table Format.
This means organizing data so that each column represents a single variable.
Each row represents a single observation, and each value is clearly placed in its own cell.
In the example shown, the table follows a long format with identifier variables such as mouse ID, condition, and time point to help distinguish each experimental unit.
Analysis variables include counts of specific cell types used for interpretation.
Also, derived variables, created during data processing, like ratios or proportions, are clearly labeled and separated.
This structure ensures that data are machine readable.
Files can be easily imported into analysis tools, and the dataset can be reused without confusion.
Avoid mixing multiple types of information in the same cell or formatting your table visually.
Instead, think in terms of data logic and clarity.